Okay, first of all... Yeah, we're going. Okay, the Science Fiction Writers
Association. Science Fiction Writers. Right. Oh, America, I'm sorry, Science
Fiction Writers of America. I'm going to change that, but that's a while. Okay,
why did you want the job as president? Why did I want the job as president? I
don't know. Uh, that's really a hard question to answer. I don't know why,
because somebody had to do it, because I felt I was the most qualified person to
do it at the time.
because I've been involved in the organization to the beginning, I've been the
vice president I've been the grievance chairman and I've always from time to
time felt that it was going off and wrong in stupid directions and finally I
felt that there were a certain number of things that I could get done in this
period and that this was a time to do it I always felt I would be president of
the things sooner or later and that this just seemed to be the right time to do
it Jack Williamson had been president and he had dealt with a lot of internal
bickering and things like that, which I wasn't interested in dealing with at
all. I think one of the flaws of the organization had always been that it was
too inward-looking, and I wanted to see it more outward-looking. So we have to
jack it up with a good deal of organizational stuff. I felt it was a good time
for me to come in and change the emphasis. Okay, well, could you just tell me a
little bit about what kind of things would you be interested in doing or
changing? Well, not that I'm interested in. Well, one thing that I'm already
halfway through getting done is to internationalize it, is to have an overseas
region with an overseas director on our board of directors. Science fiction
writing and publishing really is an international community. American writers
sell their work all over the world. English writers sell their work here.
Foreign language writers have different problems. And we're all dealing with the
same publishers. It certainly is an international literature, and it's the
spirit of the future and the spirit of internationalism and so forth. I thought
it should be an international organization. That's one thing. Another thing that
I want to do and halfway to doing is upgrading the Nebula Awards. We have moved
it out of the Warwick Hotel. We're moving into a much bigger room in the world
off and trying to make it into a more significant event than it has been. Again,
orienting it towards the world at large rather than towards the little in-group.
Another thing that I would like to do with it is make it act more like a union.
It has evolved in that direction. We now have a large and complete grievance
committee. We do act like a union in that sense. Times are getting rough now.
It's a time when you need a more militant guilt of science fiction writers than
you need in the past few years, and I've tried to orient it a little bit more in
that direction too. Those are the basic things that I want to do with it, the
ways I want to see it go. Okay, listen, David wanted me to ask you this. Who
would we see about it? We want to go to WorldCon. It's going to be in Denver, we
understand, next year. How does one go about registering for that? Well I don't
know.